Scotland hosted the launch of a new
british super queen aircraft carrier
elizabeth her majesty in whose honor
the ship was named broke the abortion bottle
whiskey instead of traditional champagne
it is the largest ship ever
created for the royal navy
according to the defense minister and the aircraft carrier
demonstrates the military power of the country during
all the beauty over the creation of the ship
experts from all over
united kingdom of scotland
based 16 ships and submarines
navy uk as well as two
Scottish Marine Corps
the national party promised that
the case of independence edinburgh
retaining all the military facilities among them
This is where the new presentation took place.
aircraft carrier besides supporters
independence state that scotland
will share the British
weapons including possible fighters
and ships coalition minister
governments called these statements
ridiculous at the moment not
no agreement reached
as to what happens to
armed forces of great britain
if scotland votes for
independence first sea lord
UK warns that
the royal navy has already tightened the connection belt with
budget cuts and independence
Scotland can only worsen further
Scottish National Party situation
promised to ban nuclear weapons in
independent scotland and future
British nuclear missile system
trident which is located on the underwater
boating in the west of the country
questionable unique
deepwater systems have
key strategic value
thanks to the proximity to the atlantic
Ocean is looking for a new place for
deployment of nuclear weapons
deterrence can take a long time and
forces
which will make NATO nervous
hurt international authority
scotland uk played
significant role in the history of royal
navy third of sailors who participated in
trafalgar battle on the side
admiral her
on whether there were scottish but if edinburgh
will choose independence then the newest super
the aircraft carrier may be the last
British ship launched
Scotland Field Crt